adds CSV provider (#77)
eclipse/kuksa.val.feeders: csv_provider/README.md

# VSS Provider
The aim of this script to provide and replay VSS data into a `kuksa.val` databroker. It is possible to define a sequence of VSS signals including timing delays in a CSV-file and then to apply this sequence towards a `kuksa.val` databroker with the provider. 

## Arguments
You can start the provider with the following arguments on a command line:

| short argument | long argument | description | default value |
|---- | ---- | ----- | ----|
|-f| --file | This indicates the CSV-file containing the signals to update in the `kuksa.val` databroker. | signals.csv |
| -a | --address | This indicates the address of `kuksa.val` databroker to connect to. | 127.0.0.1 |
| -p | --port | This indicates the port of the `kuksa.val` databroker to connect to. | 55555 |
| -i | --infinite | If the flag is set, the provider loops over the file until stopped, otherwise the file gets processed once. | not present/False

> | -l | --log | This sets the logging level. Possible values are: DEBUG, INFO, DEBUG, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL | WARNING

Reviewer: The list of possible values is a bit difficult to understand. Is it deliberate that DEBUG and WARNING occurs twice?

Author: No, having DEBUG twice was simply an error. 

To align with the dbcfeeder, I also set the default logging level to DEFAULT and downgraded some of the logging.

Author: After reconsidering the logging levels, I decided to not downgrade to DEBUG when sending a signal because in DEBUG the kuksa_client library also adds an extensive log message. So keeping the level of INFO in this case allows to decide between the extensive log and the simple information that the line in the CSV-file has been processed.

## CSV File
An example CSV-files is available in [signals.csv](signals.csv) where an example line is:

```
current,Vehicle.Speed,48,1
```

The delimiter for the CSV-file is the ',' sign and there is no header in the file, meaning that the first line is interpreted as application data. 

Each line in the csv file consists of the following elements:

| index | description | example |
| -- | -----------| --|
|0 | indicates whether to update the current value (`current`) or the target value (`target`) for the signal. | current |
| 1 | the name of the signal to update | Vehicle.Speed
| 2 | the new value | 48 |

> | 3 | Indicates the time in seconds which the provider shall wait after processing this signal. This way one can emulate the change of signals over time. | 0 |

Reviewer: I think it would be good to include an example on how you use the provider with the example file. The example could also include how you call pip to install dependencies

# VSS Provider

> The aim of this script to provide and replay VSS data into a `kuksa.val` databroker. It is possible to define a sequence of VSS signals including timing delays in a CSV-file and then to apply this sequence towards a `kuksa.val` databroker with the provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The aim of this script is to provide and replay VSS data into an instance of `kuksa.val` databroker. Therefore it takes a CSV file, containing pre defined sequences, consisting of VSS signals including timing delays, and provides it to the 'kuksa.val' databroker
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I adapted the paragraph based on it.
